{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw15840\paperh12240\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9340\viewh12860\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) Purpose\
\
This project builds upon the initial stock analysis work performed for Steve that looked at stocks for 2017 and 2018 to determine how good of an investment they would be. This analysis includes a refactored code to help produce a quicker output.\
\
2) Results\
\
Refactoring the code involved writing new output commands to see if the analysis could be ran in a more efficient manner. The refactored code included a new ticker index, defining new output arrays, modifying the loop and creating new if then statements. \
\
Overall, the refactored code resulted in a decrease from .24 seconds to .10 seconds for 2017 and decrease from .28 seconds to .074 seconds for 2018. The refactored code successfully decreased the time to generate the results. References of each comparison point can be found in the \'93VBAChallenge\'94 repository saved as PNG images. \
\
3) Summary\
\
The advantage of refactoring the coal is that you can generate the outputs and results in a quicker manner. A disadvantage is you run the risk of breaking the code meaning you may be required to spend more time troubleshooting to resolve any issues that may arise. \
\
As mentioned, the pro of refactoring the code was that it resulted in a decrease from .24 seconds to .10 seconds for 2017 and decrease from .28 seconds to .074 seconds for 2018 meaning it was an overall success. \
\
}